How do you still think
Can you kill me?
Even if you are the body of Lin Zhiyuan
So what?
What if you can promote Ganoderma lucidum garden?
I have practiced for thousands of years
Better than you, a hairy boy
I said I am Ganoderma lucidum Garden
Ganoderma lucidum garden is me
You can absorb spiritual power from me
I can naturally get my spiritual power back
This, this, this is impossible.
This is impossible
The reason why you have lived so many years
It's all about spirituality.
Now I interrupt your absorption of spiritual power
Can't live it's impossible
That's not possible.
If you are a young man who has just entered the Tao
How is that possible?
You don't have to struggle anymore
You know it yourself
You can't live
Han Mengnan
This time you lose again
And lost completely